Package|PASS?|orgRepo|Fails|Forks|Stars|Open Issues|Open PRs
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
seneca-load-balancer|pass|[seneca-load-balancer](https://github.com/seneca-load-balancer)|exist_readme content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-sequelize|pass|[seneca-sequelize](https://github.com/seneca-sequelize)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-perm-editor|pass|[seneca-perm-editor](https://github.com/seneca-perm-editor)|exist_license content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
node-seneca-base|pass|[node-seneca-base](https://github.com/node-seneca-base)|exist_license content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-todo-flex|pass|[seneca-todo-flex](https://github.com/seneca-todo-flex)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-calendar-flex|pass|[seneca-calendar-flex](https://github.com/seneca-calendar-flex)|exist_readme content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-pubsub|pass|[seneca-pubsub](https://github.com/seneca-pubsub)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-import-csv|pass|[seneca-import-csv](https://github.com/seneca-import-csv)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-store-query|pass|[seneca-store-query](https://github.com/seneca-store-query)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-entity|pass|[seneca-entity](https://github.com/seneca-entity)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-log-filter|pass|[seneca-log-filter](https://github.com/seneca-log-filter)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-parambulator|pass|[seneca-parambulator](https://github.com/seneca-parambulator)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-transport|pass|[seneca-transport](https://github.com/seneca-transport)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-token|pass|[seneca-token](https://github.com/seneca-token)|exist_readme content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-allow|pass|[seneca-allow](https://github.com/seneca-allow)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-member|pass|[seneca-member](https://github.com/seneca-member)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
@seneca/owner|pass|[@seneca/owner](https://github.com/@seneca/owner)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-populate|pass|[seneca-populate](https://github.com/seneca-populate)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-promisify|pass|[seneca-promisify](https://github.com/seneca-promisify)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData
seneca-as-promised|pass|[seneca-as-promised](https://github.com/seneca-as-promised)|content_readme |apiData|apiData|apiData|apiData